Skip to content

Marketing Treasury-based services

Create account

or

Sign in

Search the docs or ask a question

/

Create account

Sign in

Get started

Payments

Finance automation

Platforms and marketplaces

Banking as a service

Developer tools

Get started

Payments

Finance automation

Get started

Payments

Finance automation

Platforms and marketplaces

Banking as a service

APIs & SDKs

Help

Overview

Start an integration

Products

Issuing cards

Treasury

Overview

Treasury requirements

Treasury and Issuing product marketing, design, and compliance guidelines

Regulatory receipts

Handling complaints

Marketing Treasury-based services

Get started with API access

Guides and samples

Using Treasury to set up financial accounts and cards

Using Treasury to move money

Issuing and Treasury sample application

Treasury platform end user onboarding guide

Treasury fraud guide

Webhooks for Stripe Issuing and Stripe Treasury

Account management

Stripe Treasury accounts structure

Working with connected accounts

Working with financial accounts

Financial account features

Platform financial accounts

Working with Stripe Issuing cards

Working with balances and transactions

Moving money

Payouts and top-ups from Stripe Payments

Working with SetupIntents, PaymentMethods, and BankAccounts

Moving money into financial accounts

Moving money out of financial accounts

Money movement timelines

Fifth Third Bank information

Business financing

Connect financing

India

English (United Kingdom)

Home

Banking as a service

Treasury

Treasury and Issuing product marketing, design, and compliance guidelines

Marketing Treasury-based services

Create precise messaging for your users that complies with regulations.

Many states have statutory prohibitions on references to “banking," “banks," and “bank accounts” when the entities making these references are not state- or federally-chartered banks or credit unions. Imprecise terminology of Stripe

Treasury

accounts might draw scrutiny from regulators.

Recommended Terms

For your platform to efficiently leverage Stripe Treasury, you need to brand and communicate the nature of the product while being mindful of regulations. Refer to the following list of recommended terms to use in your messaging when building out your implementation of the product.

Money management, or money management account or solution

Cash management, or cash management account or solution

[Your brand] account

Financial services

Financial account

Financial product

Financial service product

Store of funds

Wallet or open loop wallet

Stored-value account

Open-Loop stored-value account

Prepaid access account

Eligible for FDIC “pass-through” insurance

Funds held at [Partner Bank], Member FDIC

Terms to Avoid

Avoid the terms in this list for any marketing programs you create because only financial institutions licensed as banks can use them.

Stripe or [Your Brand] bank

Bank account

Bank balance

Banking

Banking account

Banking product

Banking platform

Deposits

Mobile banking

[Your Brand] pays interest

[Your Brand] sets interest rates

[Your Brand] advances funds

Phrases that suggest your users receive banking products or services directly from bank partners, for example:

Create a [Bank Partner] bank account

A better way to bank with [Bank Partner]

Mobile banking with [Bank Partner]

Yield compliance marketing guidance

As a platform, you can provide your customers with yield, calculated as a percentage of their Treasury balance. We understand that this can be a great value proposition as part of your product. When you market and disclose yield to your potential and existing customers, don’t conflate yield with interest. We’ve outlined best practices for your marketing disclosures below. If you have any questions on how to present yield in your marketing, contact our compliance team at

platform-compliance@stripe.com

Recommended Terms:

Always refer to yield as “yield”.

Always disclose prominently in your marketing materials that the yield percentage is subject to change and the conditions under which it might change.

Notify your existing customers whenever the yield percentage has changed. Prominently display the most recent yield percentage in their Dashboard.

Terms to avoid

Never refer to yield as “interest”.

Don’t reference the Fed Funds Rate as a benchmark for setting your yield percentage.

Don’t imply that the yield is pass-through interest from a bank partner.

How to talk about FDIC insurance eligibility

Stripe Treasury balances are stored value accounts that are held “for the benefit of” our Stripe Treasury users with our bank partners, Evolve Bank & Trust and Goldman Sachs Bank USA. We disclose to you which of our partners hold your funds. For FDIC insurance to apply to a user’s balance in a “for the benefit of” account, we must satisfy the rules for FDIC pass-through deposit insurance, unlike a bank account directly with an FDIC insured bank.

We understand that FDIC insurance eligibility can be a valuable feature to your customers. Stripe has approved the variations of the phrase “FDIC Insurance

eligible

” noted below on marketing materials, as long as certain conditions are met.

Specifically

, the statement of FDIC insurance eligibility must always be paired with two disclosures:

Stripe Treasury Accounts are eligible for FDIC pass-through deposit insurance if they meet certain requirements. The accounts are eligible only to the extent pass-through insurance is permitted by the rules and regulations of the FDIC, and if the requirements for pass-through insurance are satisfied. The FDIC insurance applies up to 250,000 USD per depositor, per financial institution, for deposits held in the same ownership capacity.

You must also disclose that neither Stripe nor you are an FDIC insured institution and that the FDIC’s deposit insurance coverage only protects against the failure of an FDIC insured depository institution.

The following terms that incorporate the term “eligible” are approved:

Don’t use the following terms:

“Eligible for FDIC insurance”

“FDIC insurance-eligible accounts”

“Eligible for FDIC pass-through insurance”

“Eligible for FDIC insurance up to the standard maximum deposit insurance per depositor in the same capacity"

“Eligible for FDIC insurance up to $250K”

“FDIC insured”

“FDIC insured accounts”

“FDIC pass-through insurance guaranteed”

We have also prepared these FAQs that you can use when your customers have questions about FDIC insurance eligibility or any of the disclosures:

Is FDIC insurance impacted if a customer holds deposits in other accounts with the same institution?

It can be. It’s your responsibility to know which insured institutions hold your funds. If you have other business-purpose accounts with the same institution where Treasury funds are held, the FDIC might aggregate all your business account balances with that institution in applying the 250,000 USD limit. The FDIC generally does not, however, aggregate your personal accounts with your business accounts.

Does FDIC insurance eligibility protect from fraud or financial loss?

No, FDIC insurance eligibility is applicable only in the event of a bank failure.

How do I know if the requirements for FDIC pass-through insurance are met?

Stripe Treasury accounts are designed to be eligible for FDIC pass-through insurance.  The FDIC makes the final determination about the availability of pass-through insurance at the time of a bank’s failure.

Was this page helpful?

Yes

No

Need help?

Contact Support

.

Join our

early access programme

.

Check out our

product changelog

.

Questions?

Contact Sales

.

Powered by

Markdoc

Sign up for developer updates:

Sign up

You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our

privacy policy

.

On this page

Recommended Terms

Terms to Avoid

Yield compliance marketing guidance

How to talk about FDIC insurance eligibility

Products Used

Treasury

Connect

Issuing

Stripe Shell

Test mode

API Explorer

Welcome to the Stripe Shell!

Stripe Shell is a browser-based shell with the Stripe CLI pre-installed. Log in to your

Stripe account and press Control + Backtick (`) on your keyboard to start managing your Stripe

resources in test mode.

- View supported Stripe commands:

stripe help ▶️

- Find webhook events:

stripe trigger ▶️ [event]

- Listen for webhook events:

stripe listen ▶

- Call Stripe APIs: stripe [api resource] [operation] (e.g.,

stripe customers list ▶️

)

The Stripe Shell is best experienced on desktop.

$